The Joe Rogan experience.
I, I was brought up, I was brought Mormon, really? So I was brought Mormon.
Your family's Mormon. Well, my family's Mormon, but we're all excommunicated.
What happened? My dad got us all taken out of the thing. So it was just like,
we were like deep, we were deep. And then when we moved provinces,
the church good here in Ontario. So in Nova Scotia, big,
big fellowship. We Mormon world, you know,
then what my dad was like a high deacon or whatever the it was. Or like, we,
we always like sat next to like the Bishop's family, like front row,
cuz it's all like the families whoever's like up on the stage or whatever,
like the family sit in the front row and. So then when we moved to Ontario,
I, you know, uh, like when we were about 12,
13,
right around like that time when we started all of a sudden doing like drugs and
drinking is when we stopped going to the church because that's maybe a part of
it too.
Right. Where like we were like,
I never had a Coca-Cola I never saw a P E G rated movie.
We only watched G rated. Really. I never saw the Simpsons until I was, you know,
like things like that. Like we were allowed.
So once you got excommunicated from the church, they just, well, we,
we took ourselves, my dad,
I don't know if excommunicate the right word left the church. We,
when we left the church,
but because they have so much information on you and your family, like family,
church stuff, like it takes a long time to actually get your,
like your out of there. What do you mean? Like, uh, your info?
Like I think they just have like a lot of information on you and your families
and they do a lot of ancestral stuff. Right. So I think they do like a lot of,
and you, you know, the pen you gotta give all like,
even like I would get $2 a week for my allowance and I would have to give 10% to
the church. So we would all key my brothers,
we would have to take our nickels or whatever, our dimes really.
And we'd have to give our, our 10% to the church. Really. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
So that was training,
like just saying like that training of like giving the church,
the money from day one. Oh and all that kind of. So it was just like, and then,
you know, my parents are like, they were young and it's, they were like the,
the young, the young couple that got knocked on and my dad was like,
come on in like drink a, like, you want a beer? Oh God. And, and,
and all of a sudden, my dad was just like,
and it was one of those things where I'm like, why, you know,
we were so like you, like when I found that out later on, I was like,
you literally just like somebody knocked on the, you let a missionary in here,
you know? Like where it's like, so funny.
How old were you when you were asking him? That question? Like late, like later,
like in my twenties. Yeah. Like when I had like some balls to like, you know,
dads are so scary. So I was just like, you know, like when I, huh? Yeah.
Just why you're asking him why. Yeah. Just like some que,
like where I was just like, you know,
like he would come visit me in college and we'd go have like lunch, you know,
my dad would drive up to the city and, you know, having those father,
son kind of conversation and it's like, Hey,
like this was kind of crazy back then. Or like, why was this? Or like, you know,
like, why, why, you know, why were we never allowed to like,
sleep over at other kids' houses? Or like, you know,
like things like little small things that I don't think are, you know, crazy.
But I think it's definitely like one of those things that like, you know,
never having like Coca a Coca-Cola and then all of a sudden I'm like doing acid,
you know, I'm all gas, you know, like, it's just like, I was like, oh cool.
We're not Mormons anymore. Let's.
Do some blotter acid. Sometimes that's what triggers it. Right.
Is the repression there's so much repression.
And then all of a sudden they take the rains off you. Well.
And the idea of heaven, just like at a young age,
I strongly felt like there was no heaven. And I strongly felt,
I didn't believe it from a young age. Cuz I also, and,
and there's three levels of heaven in the Mormon,
in the Mormon or in the book of Mormon. Right. There's like the celestial,
the whatever in the whatever. So I was just like,
there's just a three levels of heaven. There's like three levels of heaven.
So then there's tears, there's tears. Right? So the thing that I was,
I was a crypto as a kid, I would like walk into like, you know,
a little store and like grab a little thing.
Like I remember I saw a Jack knife once from like this, like, you know,
hardware store. Like I would just like take things, you know, a little clip do.
And in my head at a very young age, I was like,
I'm never were gonna be eternal with my parents at a very young age.
I was like, my parents are like, you know,
they did the whole thing with the underwear and they're married forever.
And like underwear is wild.
I think they had to give it back or they had to get rid of it. I don't know.
Give it back. I dunno. Let's FaceTime Steve. And be like, what the?
So did you have to give the underwear back, dad?
I still don't understand. Like they have information on you.
Like why is that that make it hard to leave? Because they tell you, Hey,
we know things about you. Like what?
No, I don't think it's like weird, like that kind of stuff.
I just think it was just to get our out to be like stricken
of the.
Books. Right. So you don't have to pay them every week. Can.
You? Well, you don't have to pencil like you, or I think it's called Pence,
but I think it's like, once again,
there's probably a lot of Mormons watching this that are being Maddie doesn't
know. And I don't know. Okay. I don't know. I just lived it. Right.
But I just think it, it, it is. Um,
I remember it was just one of those things where
I remember my dad and my sister. It was crazy.
Cuz she had a child out of wedlock. She's gonna love that. I say this,
but she had like a child out of wedlock.
And so that was like a thing where I think it was like, I don't even know.
I think there was like a thing where she got like a piece of paper saying she
had to go in front of like a tribunal. Oh boy. And like, you know,
explain herself or she was getting, or maybe she was getting X. I still forget.
It's kind of fuzzy.
But I think it was like one of those things where I remember when the
missionaries showed up and,
and it was almost like they served her like papers some.
And I remember my older brother almost like beat the out of these missionaries
where was like, get the outta, you know, one of those kind of things.
Like get off our porch, get the outta here.
Serving you, papers. You violated. I don't know.
Religious. Like that's the thing is like, I, I don't like a lot of, uh.
Well that is the wackiest religion. It's.
The WIES right? Yeah. I know. Of.
Course I'm a part of it. It's like other than Scientology, I was baptized.
It's the wackiest one. It's the wackiest one. Right?
Cause they know the guy who made it up and he.
Was a conman. We, we used to go,
we used to go to the hill where he found the book of Mormon and they used to
redo the event and we would visit the, the.
Jail where he was like murdered.
How old was he when they killed him in his twenties? That's in that wild.
John Smith, John Smith, um, Joseph, Joseph Smith.
He invented it when he was 14 years old. Let's go. That's incredible.
That's like, now that's like a talker. Know, everyone just follows TikTok. Same.
Well, I just can't imagine a 14 year old. That's not full of. Yeah.
You know like a 14 year old that tells you a story like that.
And everybody's like, wow. He's like, let let's you've met angels,
but where they like, they were beautiful. You have a golden tablets.
I love a golden tablet with the last work of Jesus.
Jesus catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.